hello everybody today I'm going to be
doing the video about five nights at
Freddy's 3 so came out and actually back
from the game
I did something let the take steep file
and family in the % update a percent
payment applications there's a free
freakin change and I'm gonna tell you
how to do that later
this time first I would tell you
something like so and
nightmares probably nine and six extra
is this a curious here's the animatronic
spring-trap
so it's spring-trap so actually do it I
wonder why there are like two images of
shrink-wrap and here's a phantom foxy
whooping hymns I mean this guy looks
creepy
then handsome chic up phantom Freddy oh
my god okay
in phantom Manette but now first a
little my Sarah
now I've also found since I was in
Ethel's and spring crops
okay so one simple thing I have to tell
you there's no jump-scare it's phantom
phantom puppet see you're a seven year
there's six here but there is only seven
here so that means there's no phantom
puppet jump-scare phantom puppet is used
for something else which actually don't
know what it's used for
I don't know what but you push me back
now
for to have this game if you wanna see
it for yourself just go to Houston
Dozier a go to the window taskbar search
for Christina percent then then whelming
then there were variable pointing and
the myth applications filed
if the past five nights Freddy's one or
two this copy and paste is back on your
kickstand so the Freddy freed my file I
don't know how to explain that to you
but do you get to do pack it the same
way you did with Finance buddies one and
two you know if you'd know what I'm
talking about you do it so yeah thank
you so much for watching this please
like comment and subscribe for more
videos and I'll see you